Are you okay?
Who is Mr. Shen?
Ms. Chen told us to prepare the birthday cake.
Happy Birthday to General Director Shen
It turns out that today is your birthday.
I said how mysterious is Deputy General Director Chen today haha
The birthday of the Shen Lang brothers
We have to have two more drinks today.
Everyone together to toast happy birthday to the Shen Lang brothers.
Happy birthday.
Your current situation is difficult for me to break alone.
But now only Tam Tinh and Dai Cuong can escape the danger.
You two come out with me for a moment.
Idiot, what did you bring us here for?
Someone tried to kill me.
Impossible. Are you kidding me?
I'm not kidding.
This is the fifth time I have been reborn.
The killer killed me four times.
I'm stuck in this day
He's not sober yet.
Take him home to rest.
Kim, I believe you.
Impossible, you're not awake.
You don't believe me, do you?
Refund it.
There's going to be one that carries a cat inside the humblest soldier who beats people.